1	sen. charles e. schumer called on federal safety officials yesterday to reopen their investigation into the fatal crash of a passenger jet in belle_harbor , queens , because equipment failure , not pilot error , might have been the cause . 
1	but instead there was a funeral , at st. francis de sales roman catholic church , in belle_harbor , queens , the parish of his birth . 
2	rosemary antonelle , the daughter of teresa l. antonelle and patrick antonelle of belle_harbor , queens , was married yesterday afternoon to lt. thomas joseph quast , a son of peggy b. quast and vice adm. philip m. quast of carmel , calif. . 
2	one was for st. francis de sales roman catholic church in belle_harbor ; another board studded with electromechanical magnets will go under the pipes of an organ at the evangelical lutheran church of christ in rosedale , queens . 
3	the firefighter , whom a fire department official identified as joseph moore , of belle_harbor , queens , was taken to newyork-presbyterian\/weill cornell hospital , where he was in critical but stable condition last night , the police said . 
3	in st. francis de sales roman catholic church in belle_harbor , queens , the second verse of the opening hymn , '' be not afraid , '' seemed to connect katrina and sept. 11 : '' if you pass through raging waters in the sea , you shall not drown . 
4	on nov. 12 , while walking his dog near his home in belle_harbor , queens , he saw a passenger plane plunge to the ground . 
4	colm j. neilson , of belle_harbor , queens , said he thought the conductors ' role was overrated . '' 
5	she is a daughter of marion i. rabbin and dr. murvin rabbin of belle_harbor , queens . 
5	he is a son of vera and william lichtenberg of belle_harbor , queens . 
6	mr. rabassa is a renowned translator , of gabriel garcía márquez , jorge_amado and mario vargas llosa -- and of lispector , who became , in the mid-20th century , one of brazil 's most influential writers , described as the kafka of latin american fiction . 
6	10 p.m. -lrb- mtv -rrb- the hills -- on '' laguna_beach : the real orange county , '' lauren_conrad -lrb- right -rrb- was the emotional blonde who wore every smidgen of excitement or frustration on her face , sometimes both at once . 
7	last november , lauren_conrad , 19 , attended a celebrity-filled function thrown by teen people magazine , a perk of being a central character on mtv 's popular reality series '' laguna_beach : the real orange county . '' 
7	10 p.m. -lrb- mtv -rrb- the hills -- on '' laguna_beach : the real orange county , '' lauren_conrad -lrb- right -rrb- was the emotional blonde who wore every smidgen of excitement or frustration on her face , sometimes both at once . 
8	last november , lauren_conrad , 19 , attended a celebrity-filled function thrown by teen people magazine , a perk of being a central character on mtv 's popular reality series '' laguna_beach : the real orange county . '' 
8	i used to joke around , everyone kind of lives in the mooresville area in north_carolina and i would call it ` as mooresville turns . ' 
9	richard_devos , a founder of amway and a major contributor to conservative causes , donated $ 10 million , and the exhibit hall bears the name of him and his wife , helen . 
9	page a17 power portholes optional owners of 59 amphicars gathered over the weekend in celina , ohio . 
10	these cars are meant to be enjoyed , '' about 50 or 60 amphicars are expected at the national swim-in in celina , ohio , this summer . 
10	bruce blair , 54 , a teacher from celina , ohio , who drove 14 hours to the campground with his family to see his son in a marching band competition , canceled plans to drive to seattle for a week . '' 
11	where : celina , ohio . 
11	... michael crawford , right , who is ailing , will not return to his award-winning role of count fosco in the andrew lloyd webber musical adaptation of the wilkie_collins classic , '' the woman in white , '' in london as scheduled on may 2 . 
12	... michael crawford , right , who is ailing , will not return to his award-winning role of count fosco in the andrew lloyd webber musical adaptation of the wilkie_collins classic , '' the woman in white , '' in london as scheduled on may 2 . 
12	at the hotel on rivington on manhattan 's lower_east_side , the bathroom is not only visible from the bed , but the floor-to-ceiling windows allow neighbors on delancey street to spy into the shower -lrb- though the hotel will install a plastic film on the window on request -rrb- . 
13	jose miranda , a mixologist at wd-50 on manhattan 's lower_east_side , gets puzzled looks whenever he drops an egg yolk into his malta fizz . '' 
13	for residents of the baruch houses , one of the largest public housing projects in manhattan , a 10-foot-wide pedestrian walkway linking pitt and columbia streets is a direct path to the world beyond their remote nook of the lower_east_side . 
14	meanwhile , these are our recommendations for the four civil court seats that are actually being contested in the upcoming democratic primary in manhattan and brooklyn : manhattan , second district -lrb- east village , lower_east_side , soho , noho , little italy and part of greenwich village and chinatown -rrb- : the field here includes two unusually promising candidates . 
14	born on june 16 , 1911 on the lower_east_side of manhattan ; died in margate , fla. , on february 7 , 2006 . 
15	the only current showcase in manhattan for consistently envelope-pushing cuisine is wd-50 on the lower_east_side , where the chef wylie dufresne uses enzymes and emulsifiers to create rarities like shrimp noodles without eggs or flour and cubes of mayonnaise that can be deep-fried without melting . 
15	an uneventful start the nine members of the team all started work that night about 9:30 p.m. they were well into a relatively uneventful eight-and-a-half-hour shift when they gathered in an office in a squat modern brick police building on manhattan 's lower_east_side . 
16	meanwhile , these are our recommendations for the four civil court seats that are actually being contested in the upcoming democratic primary in manhattan and brooklyn : manhattan , second district -lrb- east village , lower_east_side , soho , noho , little italy and part of greenwich village and chinatown -rrb- : the field here includes two unusually promising candidates . 
16	'' i 'd be careful how you use that word ` museum , '' ' warned roberta brandes gratz , founder of the eldridge street project , housed in an 118-year-old synagogue at the nexus of chinatown and the lower_east_side in manhattan . '' 
17	in manhattan , the vladeck development on the lower_east_side had the greatest number of vacancies , with 518 . 
17	remember the buzz about tony types from the upper reaches of manhattan trekking all the way to the gritty lower_east_side for dinner while their drivers lined the curbs ? 
18	tenant : studiomda landlord : kyle wittels tenant 's broker : michelle stone , sinvin realty for sale $ 10.995 million 80 delancey street -lrb- at orchard -rrb- manhattan this six-story walk-up building on the lower_east_side has 24 apartments and 6 stores . 
18	after the regular show on thursday , opera on tap will make its manhattan debut , at the parkside lounge on the lower_east_side , at the end of the month . '' 
19	for instance , the precinct covering the lower_east_side of manhattan has seen a 40 percent increase in rapes from 2001 to 2005 , according to the new york police department . 
19	about half the pushcarts in the city were on the lower_east_side , said suzanne wasserman , director of the gotham center at the cuny graduate center and a scholar of lower manhattan history . 
20	riders of the f line are likely to be the leading users of the planned transfer , but '' there are people throughout southern brooklyn , as well as the lower_east_side and throughout manhattan , who are going to benefit , '' said peter g. cafiero , the senior director of rail service planning at new york city transit . 
20	forget the trappings of the clichéd night out dancing in manhattan , with its v.i.p. rooms and designer labels , women in $ 300 sandals , lines of limos in the meatpacking district and '' secret '' lower_east_side nightspots . 
21	she is a graduate of the school for visual arts in manhattan whose art has been shown at the orchard street gallery on the lower_east_side and at queens theater in the park in flushing meadows-corona park . 
21	mrs. george , of our lady of sorrows on manhattan 's lower_east_side , said she began to weep as soon as she realized that her school was safe . 
22	fernando ferrer , the leading democratic candidate in opinion polls , also hewed closely to his message of improving public education during a minirally at a lower_east_side playground with his daughter , carlina gill ; state attorney general eliot spitzer ; state assemblyman adriano espaillat , a candidate for manhattan borough president ; and state senator martin connor . 
22	rabbi feinstein , who died in 1986 , believed that no eruv could ever be erected in manhattan -- the island 's street layout and traffic patterns made it impermissible , he said -- and his influence was such that it was unthinkable for any lower_east_side rabbi to contradict him . '' 
23	let 's look at a few specifics : more than a dozen nightspots including the back room , libation and east side company bar have sprouted up around ludlow and rivington streets on manhattan 's lower_east_side in the last 12 months . 
23	assembly district 74 , -lrb- lower_east_side to midtown east in manhattan -rrb- : when sylvia friedman won a special election in february , she raised hopes that as a known local activist , she would be an advocate for change in the democratic-controlled assembly . 
24	marsha brady , a 38-year-old new yorker , was a former handbag designer and manufacturer working in a vintage furniture store that charney used to frequent near american apparel 's store on the lower_east_side in manhattan . 
24	unlike most other manhattan neighborhoods , the lower_east_side has traditionally shunned the eruv . '' 
25	kossar 's , a bialy and bagel shop at 367 grand street , near essex street on the lower_east_side , manhattan , takes advantage of such a system installed by the building where it is located . '' 
25	after narrowing a pool of 500 applicants down to 40 finalists , he gathered them in manhattan , put them in a theater on the lower_east_side and showed them one another 's tapes . 
26	luba kadison buloff , who went from playing children 's roles to reigning as a leading lady in the yiddish theater , helping bring its flavorful blend of wrenching drama and comedic shrug from europe to the lower_east_side in the 1920 's , died on thursday at her home in manhattan . 
26	and we begin to fear for them all over again when their parents follow them to manhattan , where rex and rose mary exhaust their children 's patience and hospitality and wind up homeless , eventually living as squatters in an abandoned building on the lower_east_side . 
27	based part time in manhattan , he was flying helicopters , saving lives as a licensed e.m.t. , and chilling with hipsters near his lower_east_side pad . 
27	hoping to get situated before school began , she called wednesday williams , an agent at manhattan apartments , who had a co-op listing on the lower_east_side . 
28	in manhattan there are all-ages shows at the knitting factory in tribeca , arlene 's grocery and afternoon death disco parties at cake shop on the lower_east_side . '' 
28	it was the way i wanted to live in manhattan but could n't afford to , '' said mr. kolasinski , who lived on the lower_east_side in the 1980 's when it was more dangerous than desirable . '' 
29	the couple opened the original full house on manhattan 's lower_east_side in 1985 , and moved four years later to soho . 
29	for instance , the precinct covering the lower_east_side of manhattan has seen a 40 percent increase in rapes from 2001 to 2005 , according to the new york police department . 
30	soup kitchens served as a theme for several years , as did the hardships of life for immigrants living in crowded tenements on manhattan 's lower_east_side . 
30	at 7.8 acres , it is the third largest park in the lower_east_side and one of the biggest around for residents of chinatown , who treasure it because it offers that rarest of commodities in manhattan : open space . '' 
31	seven new york , the funky shop on the lower_east_side that closed in january , returns to manhattan on wednesday , this time to soho . 
31	her story begins in the housing projects of manhattan 's lower_east_side , where , on april 30 , 1980 , she was born to larry vaughn and cordelia whichard , who had finally obtained an apartment there . 
32	a. i 'm a 31-year-old freelance writer who lives on manhattan 's lower_east_side . 
32	abraham samuel goldstein , a son of immigrants from ukraine , was born in manhattan on the lower_east_side . 
33	to lure tenants north from the lower_east_side and other parts of manhattan , builders included grand lobbies , courtyards , elevators and sunken living rooms , and sufficient windows to provide sunlight and cross-ventilation -- features relatively foreign to the tenements from which many of the new tenants were drawn . 
33	one new wild card affecting the turnout is the interest in manhattan over hard-fought races for district attorney , borough president and open city council seats in east harlem , central harlem and the lower_east_side . 
34	a sightseeing map of manhattan that was published in 1928 is framed in the restaurant of the blue moon hotel , which opened a month ago on the lower_east_side . 
34	the l train is connected to manhattan , the island from which even next neighborhoods still ultimately derive their nextness , but in the case of bushwick , the l train is the train that connects it to past next neighborhoods -- i.e. , the lower_east_side and williamsburg . 
35	for instance , the precinct covering the lower_east_side of manhattan has seen a 40 percent increase in rapes from 2001 to 2005 , according to the new york police department . 
35	mostly what 's outside the window is low green land , flat water and high sky , not so different from the nature that john_constable loved and painted in england two centuries ago . 
36	the painter john_constable called him a genius of architecture , but he died penniless in an insane asylum in devon , england , on christmas day in 1843 , leaving behind a wife and six children -lrb- three others had died -rrb- . 
36	the crime took place in view_royal on vancouver_island , where there was very little sunshine in november 1997 . 
37	the house is five minutes from puerto_rico 's finest surfing areas and about 20 minutes from aguadilla airport . 
37	delta air lines is starting service to two additional cities in puerto_rico , ponce and aguadilla , this summer , while american is starting flights from new york to kingston , jamaica , in june , to run through september . 
38	cablevision 's $ 600 million offer came in the form of a letter to peter s. kalikow , chairman of the m.t.a. , from the garden 's vice chairman , hank_ratner . 
38	hikers at lake o'hara in yoho_national_park in british_columbia are limited by the two buses that make their way up the seven-mile dirt road to the pristine lake early in the morning . 
39	after his arrest , he was taken to the bergen_county police headquarters in hackensack . 
39	the crime startled residents in a neighborhood of two-family houses in the fairmount section of northern hackensack , in bergen_county . 
40	m.a. farber , 67 , recalled that the bergen_county jail , in hackensack , n.j. , was '' a 68-year-old lockup that had been declared ` unfit for human habitation . '' ' 
40	as for new york city , an f3 barreled across bergen_county in new jersey on july 13 , 1895 , killing three people near hackensack before jumping off the palisades , crossing the hudson , and appearing briefly in harlem . 
41	if you go -- new milford is in central bergen_county , just north of teaneck and hackensack . 
41	after his arrest , he was taken to the bergen_county police headquarters in hackensack . 
42	the crime startled residents in a neighborhood of two-family houses in the fairmount section of northern hackensack , in bergen_county . 
42	m.a. farber , 67 , recalled that the bergen_county jail , in hackensack , n.j. , was '' a 68-year-old lockup that had been declared ` unfit for human habitation . '' ' 
43	as for new york city , an f3 barreled across bergen_county in new jersey on july 13 , 1895 , killing three people near hackensack before jumping off the palisades , crossing the hudson , and appearing briefly in harlem . 
43	if you go -- new milford is in central bergen_county , just north of teaneck and hackensack . 
44	he coaxed a yellow card for dutch forward dirk_kuyt with an apparent flop that nearly brought an own goal for the netherlands in the 29th minute . 
44	and like the blackberry that keeps employees in touch with the office , or the black town car that takes them home after hours , seamlessweb is a symbol of the heavy time commitment demanded by many of new_york 's professional service firms . 
45	catering to craniacs is relatively new for port_aransas and rockport , the small texas towns near the aransas national wildlife refuge not far from corpus christi . 
45	anywhere from four to six nights a week , the mckay brothers -lrb- hollin , 31 , and noel , 36 -rrb- lead-foot it across texas in their chevy pickup , playing honky-tonks , dive bars and coffee shops from port_aransas to luckenbach to alpine , always returning home to hill country to sleep in their own beds . 
46	that is one reason that hunan 's fast-growing provincial capital , changsha , is beginning to siphon some workers back from guangdong . 
46	that is one reason that hunan 's fast-growing provincial capital , changsha , is beginning to siphon some workers back from guangdong . 
47	the contest features the incumbent mayor , lorenzo langford -- a 49-year-old former pit boss at the trump taj mahal who was elected in 2001 -- against bob_levy , 58 , a former green beret and the chief of lifeguards in atlantic_city , who entered the race in march when another candidate withdrew under mysterious circumstances . 
47	among local races , the most closely watched contest is in atlantic_city , where bob_levy , the former chief of lifeguards , is challenging mayor lorenzo langford for the democratic nomination . 
48	set in the drab world of a working-class london family in 1950 , a time when world war ii bombing casualties were still mourned and rationing was in effect , the story revolves around vera_drake and her secret life as an abortionist . 
48	but this was not unusual for a private screening of '' vera_drake , '' the british director mike leigh 's film about a good-natured london woman in 1950 who breaks the law by performing abortions . 
49	london film honors the mike leigh abortion drama , '' vera_drake , '' won accolades for best british film , british director and british screenplay -lrb- mr. leigh again -rrb- , when the london film critics ' circle handed out its annual awards , agence france-presse reported . 
49	vera drake written by mike leigh the title character of '' vera_drake , '' played by imelda staunton , below -lrb- ms. staunton was nominated for an oscar for best actress -rrb- , is a cleaning woman and abortionist in 1950 london . 
50	while vera_drake , imelda staunton 's character in mike leigh 's movie of that name , is a devoted wife and mother , and while her family life figures prominently in the film , its dramatic crux involves her workaday activities as a clandestine abortionist , '' helping girls out '' in post - world war ii london . 
50	london film honors the mike leigh abortion drama , '' vera_drake , '' won accolades for best british film , british director and british screenplay -lrb- mr. leigh again -rrb- , when the london film critics ' circle handed out its annual awards , agence france-presse reported . 
51	a contemporary conversion , to traditional judaism by the son of thoroughly modern parents in london , forms the central crisis of '' two thousand years , '' also at the national and the first new play in more than a decade by mr. leigh , best known as a filmmaker -lrb- '' vera_drake , '' '' secrets and lies '' -rrb- . 
51	still , the plight of fugitive slaves had formed '' the warp and woof of my own childhood , '' said the author , who lives in barrytown in dutchess_county . 
52	pelé is the king of soccer 's one-name wonders , but others , especially from brazil , have distinguished themselves in the shadow of the great one 's crown : garrincha , rivelino , zico , ronaldo , ronaldinho , regis . 
52	the two teenage daughters pulled into a rest stop on the palisades_interstate_parkway in new_jersey . 
53	in new_jersey and new york , the palisades_interstate_parkway logo has the silhouettes of the leaves of native trees , including oak and tulip poplar , overlaid along its edges . 
53	the hazardous waste dumped in a landfill on eno road in dickson_county , tennessee , has migrated underground for two miles . 
54	one , senator evan_bayh , above , son of former senator birch_bayh of indiana , is testing the waters for a possible presidential bid in 2008 . 
54	former senator birch_bayh of indiana , primary sponsor of the 25th amendment -lrb- and father of the current senator , evan_bayh -rrb- , informs me : '' in the hundreds of times i 've read this thing , that 's the first time i noticed that . 
55	senator evan_bayh of indiana is not a member of the commission ; his father , birch_bayh , a former senator , is . 
55	senator evan_bayh , son of former senator birch_bayh of indiana , is organizing and testing the waters for a possible presidential bid in 2008 . 
56	while birch_bayh was known as a classic '' great society liberal , '' as evan_bayh has put it , and as a champion of causes like the equal rights amendment , the son has long been a careful centrist , a former chairman of the democratic leadership council and a founder of the third way , a centrist research group . 
56	mr. and ms. bove , who moved early in their marriage from staten island to semirural frankford_township in new_jersey , have 4 children and 24 chickens . 
57	carol_stephenson , a former bell executive who is now the dean of the richard ivey school of business at the university_of_western_ontario , said it would be difficult for bell to make up for its months of blundering . '' 
57	the evidence is laid out in '' gilded splendor : treasures of china 's liao empire -lrb- 907-1125 -rrb- '' at the asia society , a show of more than 200 objects recently excavated from tombs , temples and walled cities in china 's inner_mongolia autonomous region . 
58	wind farms are starting to dot the coastline of east-central china and the southern tip of india , as well as scattered mesas and hills across central india and even inner_mongolia . 
58	the evidence is laid out in '' gilded splendor : treasures of china 's liao empire -lrb- 907-1125 -rrb- '' at the asia society , a show of more than 200 objects recently excavated from tombs , temples and walled cities in china 's inner_mongolia autonomous region . 
59	he volunteered for farm work on the prairie of inner_mongolia during the cultural revolution and became versed in the ways of china 's northern hinterland . 
59	in a pebbled , alien expanse along the river in inner_mongolia , an enormous industrial region has arisen in only a few years , spewing out so much pollution that a shopkeeper surrounded by factories scoffs at government promises to clean up china . 
60	the mammal discovery , being described today in the journal nature , was made last year in inner_mongolia , a region of northern china . 
60	along with his father , mother and older sister , a herd of sheep and a few small horses , this 7-year-old boy lives in inner_mongolia in china , light years from beijing but only a short ride from the gobi desert . 
61	this week , china has reported three outbreaks of avian influenza among birds in inner_mongolia , anhui and hunan . 
61	the evidence is laid out in '' gilded splendor : treasures of china 's liao empire -lrb- 907-1125 -rrb- '' at the asia society , a show of more than 200 objects recently excavated from tombs , temples and walled cities in china 's inner_mongolia autonomous region . 
62	wind farms are starting to dot the coastline of east-central china and the southern tip of india , as well as scattered mesas and hills across central india and even inner_mongolia . 
62	the evidence is laid out in '' gilded splendor : treasures of china 's liao empire -lrb- 907-1125 -rrb- '' at the asia society , a show of more than 200 objects recently excavated from tombs , temples and walled cities in china 's inner_mongolia autonomous region . 
63	he volunteered for farm work on the prairie of inner_mongolia during the cultural revolution and became versed in the ways of china 's northern hinterland . 
63	in a pebbled , alien expanse along the river in inner_mongolia , an enormous industrial region has arisen in only a few years , spewing out so much pollution that a shopkeeper surrounded by factories scoffs at government promises to clean up china . 
64	the mammal discovery , being described today in the journal nature , was made last year in inner_mongolia , a region of northern china . 
64	along with his father , mother and older sister , a herd of sheep and a few small horses , this 7-year-old boy lives in inner_mongolia in china , light years from beijing but only a short ride from the gobi desert . 
65	this week , china has reported three outbreaks of avian influenza among birds in inner_mongolia , anhui and hunan . 
65	-lrb- in fact , one of mr. portman 's newest hotels , the shandong in jinan , china , was designed -- at the client 's request -- with many elements of his earliest atriums . -rrb- 
66	in the play , an '' old guy '' from forest hills , queens -lrb- echoing pete hamill and jack_newfield -rrb- , says that after the dodgers departed for the west coast , '' the three most hated men in brooklyn : adolf hitler , joseph stalin and walter o'malley , '' the dodgers ' owner . 
66	set in the 1970 's , the new '' amityville '' stars an effective ryan reynolds as george_lutz , the hirsute paterfamilias with an easy smile and an unsettling fondness for chopping wood . 
67	president bush yesterday declared a disaster in eight upstate new_york counties hit hard by the flooding : broome , chenango , delaware , herkimer , montgomery , otsego , sullivan and ulster counties . 
67	where to eat -- perhaps most emblematic of san_diego 's shift toward the foodie big time was the august opening of jack 's la_jolla -lrb- 7863 girard avenue , la_jolla , 858-456-8111 , www.jackslajolla.com -rrb- , a multilevel restaurant that lured tony disalvo , former chef de cuisine of jean-georges in new york , to be its chef and co-owner . 
68	the stunning location of san_diego 's museum of contemporary art -- perched on a cliff overlooking the ocean in la_jolla -- is strong competition for the art inside . 
68	the family suggests donations to one of the following organizations : ucsd foundation to benefit the alzheimer 's disease research center , 9500 gilman drive , mc0696 , la_jolla , ca , 92037-0696 ; the musical merit foundation of greater san_diego c\/o mr. kenneth bullock treasurer 3593 fifth ave. san_diego , ca 92103 . 
69	i got off the plane in san_diego and felt filled with energy , '' mr. beach said , describing the city as '' santa fe with boats '' and la_jolla , a seaside suburb , as '' greenwich with palm trees . '' 
69	the urge , created at nissan design america in the la_jolla section of san_diego , is another of the auto industry 's seemingly endless quests for '' echo boomer '' customers , a coterie that for carmakers gleams over the horizon the way the mythical city of eldorado did for the conquistadors . 
70	it is the museum of contemporary art san_diego , which has sites in la_jolla and san_diego , not the san_diego museum . 
70	people have spoken about how computer networks have flattened the world , '' said larry smarr , an astrophysicist who is director of the california institute for telecommunications and information technology , known as calit2 , an interdisciplinary research laboratory which will officially open this month at the university of california , san_diego , in la_jolla , and the university of california , irvine . '' 
71	the couple lived in the la_jolla area of san_diego . 
71	sponsored instead by the science network , an educational organization based in california , and underwritten by a san_diego investor , robert zeps -lrb- who acknowledged his role as a kind of '' anti-templeton '' -rrb- , the la_jolla meeting , '' beyond belief : science , religion , reason and survival , '' rapidly escalated into an invigorating intellectual free-for-all . 
72	it is the museum of contemporary art san_diego , which has sites in la_jolla and san_diego , not the san_diego museum . 
72	with its hilly , winding roads lined with oceanside mansions , la_jolla , a beach community 15 minutes north of downtown san_diego , deserves its ritzy reputation , but the longtime home of the late ted geisel -lrb- a k a dr. seuss -rrb- has its laid-back side as well . 
73	the san_diego bid would place the headquarters in the torrey pines mesa area of la_jolla in a building that overlooks torrey pines golf course -lrb- site of the 2008 u.s. open championship -rrb- and the pacific ocean . 
73	cameron spent the night at mercy hospital near downtown san_diego , and beltran spent the night at scripps clinic in la_jolla . 
74	the bride , 32 , is a fourth-grade teacher at public school 154 in windsor_terrace , brooklyn . 
74	my 24-year-old daughter is fulfilling a long-held dream by opening a general used and new bookstore in windsor_terrace , brooklyn , where we live . 
75	he hoped to spend $ 800 to $ 1,100 to share a place in park slope , windsor_terrace , fort greene or a similar brooklyn neighborhood . 
75	so they focused instead on up-and-coming brooklyn neighborhoods -- carroll gardens , windsor_terrace , fort greene -- full of row houses originally built for the working classes . 
76	windsor_terrace , a neighborhood of about 50 brooklyn blocks sandwiched between prospect park and the green-wood cemetery , was an especially good place to observe how one archetypal new york city neighborhood , and its various institutions , recovered . '' 
76	i do n't need another thing that 's going to go bad in the fridge , '' said sheila cecil , of windsor_terrace , brooklyn , whose youngest of four children started picking up finger food and eating it at 8 months . '' 
77	to the editor : could your article about windsor_terrace , brooklyn , '' coffee wars in a no-frills zone '' -lrb- may 21 -rrb- , have been any more insulting ? 
77	this time last year , windsor_terrace , brooklyn , was one of the last places in the city where a resident would have been challenged to spend $ 1.50 on a small cup of fine coffee . 
78	in windsor_terrace , brooklyn , boys and girls could be seen with their noses to the window , looking longingly outside . 
78	although i no longer apartment-sit summers for my parents nearby , istvan 's on-court demeanor is so exuberant that it merits my 30-mile round-trip bike ride once a week from windsor_terrace , brooklyn . 
79	i so wanted a good settlement for the teachers , '' said laurie kellogg , whose son attends p.s. 295 , which straddles park slope and windsor_terrace in brooklyn . '' 
79	sunday at noon , 1 , 2:30 and 4 p.m. ; mondays through thursdays at 12:30 , 1:30 , 3 and 4:30 p.m. , at the jewish children 's museum , 792 eastern_parkway , at kingston avenue , crown heights , brooklyn , (718) 467-0660 , jcm . 
80	he then selected another site , a blocklong plot farther out in brooklyn just north of the recently completed eastern_parkway , where he hoped to build a true general hospital . 
80	brooklyn museum , 200 eastern_parkway , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
81	brooklyn museum , 200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
81	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn (718) 638-5000 . 
82	brooklyn center for the urban environment tomorrow at 2 p.m. , '' crown heights north '' covers the mansions and rowhouses in this brooklyn neighborhood , meeting on the northeast corner of eastern_parkway and kingston avenue . 
82	brooklyn museum , 200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
83	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn (718) 638-5000 , brooklynmuseum.org . 
83	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn (718) 638-5000 . 
84	zulma molina , 41 , a security guard at the american museum of natural history , often works a night shift that lasts until 9 a.m. the trip from eastern_parkway , in brooklyn , to the museum , on west 81st street , takes 40 minutes on fridays . 
84	the health of this old american elm tree on eastern_parkway in brooklyn was a cause for concern when the adjacent franklin avenue shuttle subway station was rebuilt in 1998 . 
85	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
85	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
86	walking tours new york city brooklyn center for the urban environment sunday at 11 a.m. , visiting the hassidic and west indian communities in crown heights south , brooklyn , meeting on the southeast corner of eastern_parkway and kingston avenue . 
86	west indian american day carnival and parade , eastern_parkway , from utica avenue in crown heights to grand army plaza , brooklyn . 
87	sunday , 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. washington avenue merchants street fair , from eastern_parkway to st. marks avenue , crown heights , brooklyn . 
87	with the muted summer weather drawing out the labor day crowds , an undulating river of humanity coursed down eastern_parkway in brooklyn yesterday , with the paradegoers as much of the flow as the floats and dancers in the west indian american day carnival parade . 
88	the bass saxophone , '' through june 25 at the grand army plaza memorial arch , at the intersection of flatbush avenue , eastern_parkway and prospect park west , park slope , brooklyn . 
88	brooklyn center for the urban environment tomorrow at 2 p.m. , '' crown heights north , '' meeting in brooklyn at the northeast corner of eastern_parkway and kingston avenue . 
89	today at 11:30 a.m. , schomburg center for research in black culture , 515 lenox avenue , at 135th street , harlem ; tomorrow at 5 p.m. , brooklyn museum , 200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn . 
89	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
90	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
90	ken johnson ` i wanna be loved by you : photographs of marilyn monroe , ' brooklyn museum , 200 eastern_parkway , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 , through march 20 . 
91	sunday at 2 p.m. , the brooklyn museum , 200 eastern_parkway , brooklyn , (212)594-6100 , $ 25 . 
91	200 eastern_parkway , brooklyn , new york , (718) 638-5000 , www.brooklynmuseum.org . 
92	200 eastern_parkway at prospect park , brooklyn (718) 638-5000 . 
92	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
93	forget the fistful of quarters if you are planning to do your laundry at the clean rite center on eastern_parkway in east new york , brooklyn . 
93	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn (718) 638-5000 . 
94	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
94	nowhere in the city is there a road with a median for cyclists and pedestrians , although there are similar fenced-off paths along both sides of two major arteries , ocean parkway and eastern_parkway , also in brooklyn . 
95	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
95	monday , 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. west indian day carnival , eastern_parkway , utica avenue to grand army plaza , brooklyn . 
96	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
96	4 p.m. brooklyn museum , 200 eastern_parkway , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 or www.brooklynmuseum.org ; free with museum admission : $ 8 for adults ; $ 4 for students and 65 + ; free for children under 12 . 
97	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
97	meeting place is outside the eastern_parkway entrance to the brooklyn botanic garden ; (212) 348-5344 , tomorrow from 8 to 9 a.m. $ 3 . 
98	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn (718) 638-5000 . 
98	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
99	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
99	brooklyn museum , 200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 
100	the islands 803 washington avenue -lrb- eastern_parkway -rrb- , brooklyn ; (718)398-3575 . 
100	200 eastern_parkway , at prospect park , brooklyn , (718) 638-5000 . 